# Generating a Filtered Collaborations Report
A Box user may request a list of all collaborations or collaborations with a specific individual so that they can adjust access when team members change. This data is not easily available to end users.

A Box admin can generate a filtered list of collaborations and share with the requesting user so they can make changes to access as needed. The admin must know the login of the content owner, whether it’s an individual or a service account.  The service account which owns a Team Folder can be found in the folder’s collaborators list.

**Please share data responsibly with requestors.** Verify they are the content owner or they have access to the contents of the service account’s contents before sending any information.

## Generate a Collaborations Report
To request the full list of all collaborations in the enterprise:

1. Log in as a Box admin with Report privileges
2. Admin console -> Reports -> Collaborations -> Click Export
3. After some time, download the file from your Box Reports folder

## Filter and Save the Output
The collaborations report file generated by Box is quite large and hard to work with in Excel, though it can be done with some patience.

You can also use Python 3 and the [Pandas](https://pandas.pydata.org) module to filter the report from a command line. Run  `python3` (or the appropriate command) to launch the Python interactive console.

``` python
>>> import pandas as pd

# this will take a while - large file
>>> data = pd.read_excel(‘~/Downloads/collaboration_run_on_11-11-19__10-09-42-PM.xlsx’)

# filter by the owner column only
>>> filtered = data[data[‘Owner Login’] == ‘owner@illinois.edu’]

# if needed, filter by the collaborator as well
>>> filtered = data[(data[‘Owner Login’] == ‘owner@illinois.edu’) & (data[‘Collaborator Login’] == ‘collaborator@uic.edu’)] 

# write the output to disk as csv or excel
>>> filtered.to_csv(‘owner-collabs.csv’, index=False)
>>> filtered.to_excel(‘owner-collabs.xlsx’, index=False)
```